1.  Using proper pseudo-code, describe the following primitive algorithms:

    Making coffee:
        GET coffee from the cupboard
        EMPTY basket in coffee pot of any previous grounds
        RINSE basket and coffee pot
        PLACE new filter in basket
        GRIND coffee beans (if needed)
        POUR coffee grounds into filter/basket
        PUT basket into coffee maker
        FILL coffee maker with water
        PLACE pot under basket.
        TURN ON coffee maker

    Washing dishes:
        PLACE dirty dishes in sink
        COVER dishes with hot water
        ADD soap to water
        GET sponge
        WHILE (dirty dishes still in sink)
            SCRUB dirty dish with sponge
            RINSE dirty dish with clean water
            PLACE dirty dish in drying rack
        END WHILE

    Make a Smoothie:
        TAKE frozen fruit out of freezer
        PLACE fruit into blender
        ADD juice, milk, or water to blender
        ADD protein powder/fiber to blender
        TURN ON blender
        TURN OFF blender when ingredients are thoroughly mixed
        POUR mixture into glass

2.	As with the knot algorithm, there may be more than one way to solve the problem. It is essential to try to pick the best algorithm for a
situation. Name three companies who created an algorithm that made them successful, e.g., Google's search algorithm. It doesn't need to be a 
tech example (such as a recipe or manufacturing a product). Google's algorithm produces more relevant results than other search engines; what
 about each of your cases make them stand out?

    NETFLIX: found a better way to utilize the mail system and then streaming services to deliver video content to the consumer.
    You don’t see any Blockbusters around anymore.

    CHIPOTLE: pioneered the idea of “fast casual” dining. They deliver healthier choices of high quality food with only a 
    marginal markup above traditional fast food. The algorithm they use to assemble the food allows them to focus on a finite 
    number of food choices and deliverer them in a highly efficient way.

    AMAZON: this is the elephant in any room. Amazon is poised to take over the world partly do to its many efficient algorithms 
    throughout the organization. One of the most impressive (and somewhat controversial) is it’s algorithm for package delivery. 
    Amazon is able to delivery packages in a very timely manner with it’s efficient warehouse algorithms and delivery system. Some
     choices are  delivered in a matter of hours.

3.	Hypothesize about what constitutes an efficient algorithm versus an inefficient algorithm.

    An efficient algorithm is one that delivers the expected results and the least amount of time and utilizing the fewest resources. 
    It is also a bonus of the algorithm is easy to implement and reason about. That way the learning curve is manageable and so is 
    maintenance. 

